If I Were You
There is no face at all to receive fate again
Who do I think is cheeky?
It turns out that it has not been able to break through the second-grade business for two years
Don't you know yet?
He is trash
Business level has been in my Haorizong since two years ago
The cultivation base has always stayed at the second rank
I don't know where the face came from to receive the month
Hum Ye Wuji
Someone like you will only waste the cultivation resources of the sect
waste
The sect should directly deprive you of your seat of truth
Zhao Lifang
I got my real seat on my own.
If Zongwen wants to take it back, just come and get it
It's not up to you to decide
Xiao Fei, I should say it again
Oh, don't be angry, senior brother
Bie Wuji
It's useless for a trash like you to take cultivation resources
Might as well be interesting
Volunteer to transfer cultivation resources to Senior Brother Zhao
Haha, Xiaoqian said it well.
Ye Wuji is a waste like you
Not worthy of cultivation at all
You go too far.
What if I bully you?
Hmph, you are just a small second-rank martial artist
And I am the peak of the third grade
My mother is even the eldest nephew of Haorizong
Bullying you is me giving you face
That's right, don't Wuji
Don't be ignorant of praise
Trash like you
Brother Zhao takes your things because he looks up to you.